# Robert_Thompson_ITAI_1371

This portfolio highlights the profound work I have dedicated most of my time to this semester. Follow my academic journey displaying assignments completed through learning new terminology, functions, models, data and ML libraries. The skills I learned, forgot, re-learned and implemented including: setting up Git environments, loading and analyzing sample datasets, developed a binary classification model using logistic regression, then culminated my newfound knowledge and skills with a team project to build an anamoly detection system to identify shoplifitng and suspicious behavior by utilizing feature scaling that addresses class imbalance and accurately isolates high-risk patterns.

As a former Airborne Infantry Communications Team Sergeant with multiple deployments, I view Machine Learning as a digital force multiplier. Inspired by systems like Anduril’s Lattice OS, I am pursuing ethical hacking to build autonomous models and agents that proactively hunt and eliminate bad actors in cyberspace by applying tactical discipline to the cyber battlefield rather than just reacting to them to ensure we outmaneuver the adversary. My goal, driven by a passion for protecting our country and loved ones, is to use AI to automate threat detection and elimination across air, IoT, digital, and physical domains to protect our country, citizens, businesses and infrastructure. Fair is that circus that comes to towm once a year. Our enemies do not fight fair and neither should we. NON DVCOR DVCO.
